# eecs6892-final-project

New York City faces unique challenges when it comes to efficient snow plowing of the roadways during intense winter snow storms. Complex street grid, varying traffic levels and unpredictable precipitations makes the task of snow plow allocation non-trivial. In this study we explore application of Deep Reinforcement Learning Methods for the task of snow plow resource allocation during winter storm in NYC. We simulate winter storm environment using historical weather data and we model traffic patterns using ride-share app trip history and traffic volume counts (provided by NYC Department of Transportation). We then deploy snow plows in this environment that travel across the street grid and agent whose task is to assign a next street (edge of the roadway graph) for each plow that arrives to the intersection. We employ Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) method to train the agent and Graph Network (GN) Encoder to create a compact representation of the roadway system for the agent. We were able to successfully build a simulation environment and a working training pipeline for the agent. We demonstrated that this approach has some potential for successfully teaching the agent to optimally allocate snow plows efficiently. However, our exact implementation with specific hyperparameters that we used was not enough to train the agent to perform this task well. With available resources and time, we were unable to fully explore hyperparameter space to optimally train the agent. Nevertheless, we also outline directions for future research that should be explored to improve learning ability of the agent within our simulated environment.